>> Scott Moss: You can see this is
a really good use case if for instance,
you're returning a list of very similar
items but with slightly different fields
user interface, because they're very
common but they differ slightly.
And then you will need a special
syntax here to say cool,
give me the common fields.
But on this type,
give me these fields, on this type,
give me these fields and etc, etc.
>> Speaker 2: Can you query their
type inside of that as well?
>> Scott Moss: Can you query their type?
>> Speaker 2: And
can you get boot or sneaker?
>> Scott Moss: So
there's a special thing called,
I don't know if it's gonna work here,
you do type name,
type name let's see if this works here.
Yeah, so video I'm just going to type name
you'll always get the type of any type.
And that's anything with graph deals,
so yeah, you can do that.
Good question, any other questions?
>> Speaker 3: Did that type name
go outside of that interface?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, you could put
that type name pretty much anywhere.
There you go.
>> Scott Moss: Wherever you want,
you can put-
>> Speaker 4: It looks
like it's only allowing it to
appear in one location though.
So for example, interesting,
cuz it hides it on-
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
cuz these are on the same level, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: So it's showing once.
>> Scott Moss: Right, this field and
this field are on the same level, so
the second one overwrites it, right?
This looks like it's overwriten
cuz I got this object here,
well, all of these are sibling fields.
Everything inside this shoe are siblings
So this one just gets ignored.
I'm like asking for the same field
twice so it's like okay, cool.
Any other questions on interfaces?
>> Speaker 3: Is there a reason that
they have you type out those fields and
on all the interfaces twice or
is that just like a limitation
of this apollos implementation?
>> Scott Moss: No, it's,
that's the spec, it's very annoying.
Trust me, I wouldn't-
>> Speaker 3: Kind of the same
reason that they don't want to help us
with strict when you're querying things.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I think they're
always going to go down a path of being
extremely explicit of looking at stuff
because you got to think about it.
All right, cool,
we're one follower right now but
imagine you have multiple files and
the interface was all over here.
How would you know what fields are on
this type if you're looking at
like you got to go navigate.
And then you get it, gets even crazier
when you start combining schemas from
different servers together.
You literally won't know what the fields
are unless you went to the other server or
looked at something.
So they always try to have it at the point
where I can just look at a server, or
I can look at a schema and
know exactly what I'm gonna get back
without having to go
look at other sources.
Just look at this one place,
I know exactly what I'm gonna get.
So I think they try to do that as much as
possible and It has to be that path but
there's issues about this.
There's literally open issues on GraphQL,
like, we want to not do this and
they're like, cool.
>> Speaker 3: Cuz I think the other way,
too, is if you have this interface and
you wanna just update that now you have to
go and find every place you've used that.
>> Scott Moss: 100%, yeah, this is not for
the purpose of, like I said,
brevity, it is not.
It's only for the purpose of not creating
more queries because if I didn't have
that, I would have a sneakers query,
then I would have a boot query.
Right now, all I need is a shoes query and
I could get both, that's what it's for.
It's not for what we're used to
with the type systems, like, cool,
we got interfaces because we don't
wanna write the same code again.
No, it's not for that.
It's for
not writing the same queries again.
Yep, Mark?
>> Mark: If I had two data sources and
both had the same common fields,
how will GraphQL choose the resolver?
>> Scott Moss: 100% the same thing we
just did nothing changes because GraphQL
has no clue what your data sources are.
In fact this array that I just hard coated
could have in from 10 different data
sources, it doesn't matter so
you would still have to do the same thing.
It's still your responsibility
to format the response of
that resolver to match the types
that you specified in your schema.
So doesn't matter what data source it
came from you still have to format it.
You can format it all in a top
level resolver like I did here or
you can write a field level resolver for
every single thing that comes back out of
the database and
resolve them individually.
But at the end of the day,
you still have to make a resolve type
that's gonna get an instance of a shoe.
And you need to check some
type of logic that you created
to return to the name of the type.
That doesn't change no matter
where the data source came from.
In fact that a the one thing that does not
determine how GraphQL
works is the data source.
It's gonna do whatever it wants,
it's gonna determine how well it works,
it's gonna determine how secure it is and
how fast it is.
But it's never gonna
determine how it works.
It's gonna work exactly the same no
matter what data source you use.
Any other questions?
>> Speaker 6: So aside from enforcing
the next foot where item you add has
the correct all the fields that are
required there to make a shoe or makeup.
I don't see any benefit to having
interface because the shape of the object
you return as long as it looks like
the thing you've defined which you have to
define anyways, and you're not, I mean,
you could have any number
of queries no matter what.
Even with that interface, you have one
query for all of the footwear that returns
is a matter of different kinds of objects,
is a matter of different kinds of sources.
Is it simply to enforce
the fact that every
new footwear type you add
has the required fields?
>> Scott Moss: Well, to demystify
some of that without an interface,
there's no way you could return
a list of things that are dissimilar.
They all have to be exactly the same,
there's no way to do it.
Let's go back and
look at what we've done so far.
There's no way for me to come down here
and say I want to return a sneaker
and the boot, like you can,
it's only one type.
But there are scenarios where in your
client side application where you
wanna list of all these stuff that's
basically the same but slightly different.
So you would wanna do this, that's the
scenario yeah, cuz there's no other way,
it's too explicit